Remove kubeless and lambda mentions in docs (#8144)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/console/03-02-console-backend-service.md

- `apigateway` relates to the API Gateway.
- `authentication` relates to IDP Presets.
- `application` relates to the Application Connector.
- `serverless` relates to Serverless.
- `eventing` relates to Knative Eventing.
- `rafter` relates to Rafter.

> - `servicecatalog` relates to the Service Catalog, including Service Classes, Service Instances, and Service Bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `servicecatalog` relates to the Service Catalog, including ServiceClasses, ServiceInstances, and ServiceBindings.
```

Author: In other tutorials we have CR written separately and so I prefer to leave the name separated

Reviewer: I also hesitated about that as it's true we have inconsistencies in our documentation, but I talked about it with other TWs and we decided to stick to the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/08-style-and-terminology.md#capitalized-terms). 
We'll have a follow-up task to unify it in our docs.
